h1. Drop It Like It's Hot: A javascript Drop-down box

This is a general-purpose jQuery-based drop-down box. Multi-purpose from simple search suggestions to multi-source textarea populators (like the gmail email chooser).

h2. The Demands

I won't consider this project a success unless the following items are all true.

* Must work in text input fields and textareas

* Must allow single or multiple elements chosen (separated by custom char)

* Must allow datasource from a local array, object, or remote (ajax, on-demand javascript, json, etc)

* Must allow custom parsing of datasource

* Must allow multiple simulates datasources of various types (eg. 1 local + 2 ajax)

* Must optionally limit result sets, both by total and per datasource

* Must optionally seperate datasources with a non-clickable header

* Must optionally pre-parse input data (eg. ignore all non-word characters for purposes of searching)

* Must optionally suspend drop-down until a minimum number of chars are typed

* Must allow for submission throttling

* Must allow for caching return values

* Must be able to move though elements via keyboard up/down, tab/enter to choose item, esc to close

* Must close the drop-down when bluring the input field or clicking outside the drop-down

* Must highlight matching typed characters in the dropdown data set

* Must work on as many browsers as possible, otherwise degrade

* Must use no toolkit beyond standard jquery

* Must be unobtrusive javascript

* Must look nice (or hot!), and feel natural to the user (not heavyweight or klunky)

* Must be easy to use (every choice must have reasonable defaults and at least one implementation)

* All above items must be optional and customizable

* Must be well documented so I don't have to talk to anyone

h3. Installation

You only need to grab the "hotdrop.js" file to use the toolkit. "hotdrop.css" is also useful for a common format. jQuery is also required. There is a sample "jQuery-1.3.2.js" file under the "helpers" directory - which exists for testing and examples.

In short - dependency:

* "jQuery":http://docs.jquery.com/Downloading_jQuery

h3. Examples

You can play with "Drop It Like It's Hot here":http://coderoshi.appspot.com/hotdrop/test.html
This is the same example as the git repository "test.html". It has been tested in the following browsers:

h4. On Mac OSX

* Safari 4.0

* FireFox 3.5

* Chrome 4.0

* IE 7.0

Testing other OS/browser combinations would be great, eh?
